PREVIOUSLY ON "YU-GI-OH"...
BURNING KNUCKLE STRIKE!
BIG BANG DRAGON BLOW!
[BOTH YELLING]
AAH!
CONGRATULATIONS.
IT'S UP TO YOU NOW.
SAVE MAI.
VALON!
YA KNOW WHAT, MAI?
AS LONG AS THAT
ORICHALCOS THING
HAS CONTROL
OVER YOUR MIND,
I'LL NEVER BE ABLE
TO TALK ANY
SENSE INTO YOU.
THE ONLY WAY
I CAN SAVE YOU
AT THIS POINT
IS TO DUEL YOU!
IF YOU SAY SO.
MY MOVE.
THE SEAL OF ORICHALCOS!
WE'RE BOTH LOCKED
IN THE SEAL
AND ONLY ONE OF US
WILL ESCAPE.
Thinking:
I DON'T PLAN
ON RUNNING AWAY.
I'M GONNA KEEP
FIGHTING
UNTIL I BREAK
THROUGH
TO YOU, MAI,
OR LOSE
MY SOUL TRYING!
♪ YOUR MOVE, YOUR MOVE,
YOUR MOVE ♪
♪ YOUR MOVE, YOUR MOVE ♪
♪ YOUR MOVE! ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH! ♪
IT'S TIME TO D-D-DUEL!
[SIRENS]
Tea: WE GOTTA
FIND HIM!
JOEY! WHERE
ARE YOU, MAN?
Tea: HEY! ARE YOU
DOWN THERE?
JOEY, ANSWER US!
Tea:
HELLO?
I COULD SWEAR
THAT ORICHALCOS THING
ACTIVATED RIGHT HERE.
ME, TOO.
SO WHY ISN'T
IT HERE NOW? UNLESS
WE'RE TOO LATE!
Tristan:
DON'T SAY THAT, TEA!
Yami-Yugi:
HANG IN THERE, JOEY!
Mokuba: SETO? WHAT
DO WE DO NOW?
IT'S SIMPLE.
WE EXTERMINATE
THESE OVERSIZED
COCKROACHES.
BLUE-EYES, COME FORTH!
[BLUE-EYES GROWLING]
ELIMINATE
THIS PEST PROBLEM
WITH WHITE
LIGHTNING STRIKE!
OH, MAN!
HOW ARE YOU SUPPOSED
TO GET RID OF THESE THINGS?
WHEN YOU SMASH THEM,
THEY COME RIGHT BACK.
MOKUBA, WHAT DO I
ALWAYS TELL YOU?
IF AT FIRST YOU
DON'T SUCCEED,
BLAST THEM WITH
YOUR BLUE-EYES
AGAIN.
SETO, HELP!
HEY, HOLD ON!
I PLAY CRITIAS!
THANKS, BRO.
BUT THEY'RE
NOT GONE YET.
THOSE GOONS
WON'T GIVE UP.
WELL, THEN I WON'T EITHER.
DRAGONS, ATTACK!
WHAT'S WRONG,
WHEELER?
ARE MY HARPIES
TOO MUCH TO HANDLE?
WHY DON'T YOU
TRY FIGHTING
TWO
DUELS IN A ROW!
BOO-HOO.
QUIT MAKING EXCUSES
AND DUEL,
OR YOU'LL END UP
LIKE VALON!
MAN, I REALLY
MISS THE OLD MAI.
I SUMMON
MY SWORDSMAN
OF LANDSTAR
IN DEFENSE MODE!
[SARCASTICALLY]
I'M SHAKING.
YEAH, WELL,
YOU SHOULD BE...
'CAUSE
I'M NOT DONE.
I PLACE TWO CARDS
FACEDOWN
AND END MY TURN.
[THINKING]
I'M IN WORSE SHAPE
THAN I THOUGHT.
THAT LAST DUEL
WIPED ME OUT.
[CHUCKLES]
AAH! UH!
BUT IT'S NOT
OVER YET.
SO YOU BRAG ABOUT
YOUR NEW MONSTER
AND THEN END YOUR TURN
WITHOUT USING IT?
HOW LAME.
I'M JUST WAITING
FOR THE RIGHT TIME.
THAT IS SO
TYPICAL, WHEELER.
YOU PUT ON THIS TOUGH GUY
SHOW FOR EVERYONE
WHEN DEEP DOWN
YOU'RE NOTHING BUT
A SCARED LITTLE KID.
DO YOU HONESTLY THINK YOU
CAN WIN THIS DUEL?
THAT DEPENDS.
DEPENDS ON WHAT?
IT DEPENDS ON WHAT
YOU MEAN WHEN YOU
SAY THE WORD "WIN."
'CAUSE TO
ME, WINNING'S
ABOUT MORE
THAN CARDS
AND LIFE POINTS.
PLEASE SPARE ME.
WHEN I FIRST
MET YOU,
YOU TOLD ME ALL
YOU CARED ABOUT
WAS YOURSELF.
YOU ALSO SAID,
BECAUSE OF THAT
YOU HAD NO FRIENDS.
SO WE TOLD YOU
YOU SHOULD
HANG OUT WITH US.
AND AFTER WE FOUGHT
SIDE BY SIDE,
I THOUGHT YOU
FOUND SOMETHING
MORE IMPORTANT
THAN WINNING--
A LITTLE SOMETHING
CALLED FRIENDSHIP.
BUT I GUESS
I WAS WRONG.
OR MAYBE
YOU JUST FORGOT.
OH, SAVE IT.
I'VE COME WAY TOO FAR
TO TURN BACK NOW.
BUT, MAI--
I'VE HAD ENOUGH OF
YOUR LECTURE!
TIME TO DESTROY YOU.
YOU'RE MINE.
LOOK, MAI, JUST KNOW
I'LL ALWAYS
STAND BY YOU
NO MATTER WHAT
AND I'LL
NEVER FORGET
OUR FRIENDSHIP.
NOW GO!
I WILL!
YOU'RE DONE!
CYBER HARPIE, ATTACK HIS
SWORDSMAN OF LANDSTAR!
[HARPIE CALLING]
HOLD ON!
REVEAL
FACEDOWN CARD!
MY DOUBLE MAGICAL
ARM BIND!
THIS CARD ALLOWS ME
TO SACRIFICE
TWO OF MY
OWN MONSTERS
IN ORDER TO GAIN
CONTROL OF TWO
OF YOUR MONSTERS!
I STILL HAVE TWO
CYBER HARPIES LEFT,
SO, LADIES, DO YOUR THING!
HOLD ON.
I'M NOT DONE YET.
I REVEAL MY TRAP CARD
KNOWN AS VOW OF TRIBE.
AS LONG AS THIS
CARD'S IN EFFECT,
IF THE SAME MONSTERS
ARE STANDING
ON BOTH SIDES
OF THE FIELD,
THEY CAN'T ATTACK!
AND SINCE TWO OF
YOUR CYBER HARPIES
BELONG TO ME
AT THE MOMENT,
THAT MEANS ALL 6 OF
THEM ARE USELESS.
NOW, WHAT DO YA
SAY TO THAT?
WELL, NICE MOVE.
YOU MEAN THAT, MAI?
WELL, I WOULDN'T BE
THIS GOOD A DUELIST
WITHOUT YOU.
YOU'VE ALWAYS PUSHED
ME TO BE MY BEST.
[THINKING]
HOW CAN HE STILL FEEL
THAT WAY ABOUT ME,
AFTER EVERYTHING
I PUT HIM THROUGH?
WHY DOESN'T HE GIVE
IN TO HIS ANGER,
LIKE EVERYONE ELSE?
I COULD NEVER
BE LIKE THAT.
MAYBE WHEELER REALLY
IS DIFFERENT.
I THOUGHT IF I WON,
I COULD MAKE YOU FORGET
ABOUT JOEY WHEELER.
BUT NOW I UNDERSTAND
WHY HE MEANT
SO MUCH TO YOU.
THE GUY'S GOT HEART.
MAI, I'M FIGHTING
YOU WITH ALL
MY HEART AND SOUL.
IT'S THE ONLY WAY
TO SAVE YOU.
[THINKING]
SO MAYBE VALON
WAS RIGHT.
THAT JUST GIVES ME
ALL THE MORE REASON
TO CRUSH WHEELER.
AND IF HE REALLY DUELS
WITH ALL HIS SOUL,
THEN I'LL JUST HAVE
TO TAKE HIS SOUL AWAY.
Mai: IT'S ALL OVER
FOR YOU.
IT WON'T BE LONG NOW,
GREAT LEVIATHAN.
SOON THE CHOSEN DUELISTS
WILL BE OURS.
YOUR MOVE, WHEELER.
YOUR LAST MOVE.
[THINKING]
SHE MAY NOT ADMIT IT,
BUT MAI CAN'T FOOL ME.
I KNOW DEEP DOWN, SHE
VALUES OUR FRIENDSHIP.
I JUST HAVE
TO REMIND HER,
'CAUSE WE BEEN THROUGH
WAY TOO MUCH TOGETHER,
AND I WON'T LET HER
THROW THAT AWAY.
Joey:
I'M NOT DONE YET!
I THINK I'LL SACRIFICE
THE TWO CYBER HARPIES
I GOT FROM YOU,
PLUS MY SWORDSMAN
OF LANDSTAR.
WHAT ARE YOU UP TO, WHEELER?
NOW MEET
GILFORD THE LIGHTNING!
[YELLING]
WHENEVER GILFORD
THE LIGHTNING IS
SUMMONED TO THE FIELD
BY SACRIFICING
3 MONSTERS,
IT DESTROYS
EVERY MONSTER ON
MY OPPONENT'S SIDE!
GILFORD, ATTACK!
[HARPIES YELLING]
NOW IT'S TIME
FOR MY GILFORD
TO ATTACK YOUR LIFE
POINTS DIRECTLY.
SEE THAT?
JOEY WHEELER'S
GOT PLENTY OF FIGHT
LEFT IN HIM.
[CHUCKLES SOFTLY]
THAT MAY BE.
BUT DO YOU HAVE ENOUGH?
[CHUCKLING]
I DOUBT IT.
BESIDES, WHEELER,
IT'S MY TURN NOW.
FOR STARTERS,
I'LL PLAY THIS,
THE CARD
OF SANCTITY.
NOW BOTH PLAYERS
HAVE TO DRAW
UNTIL WE EACH HAVE
6 CARDS IN OUR HAND.
SO THAT MEANS YOU
DRAW, TOO, BRAINIAC.
FINE.
WELL? DRAW
ANYTHING WORTH USING?
I GUESS YOU'LL HAVE
TO WAIT AND SEE,
WON'T YOU?
[THINKING]
I DIDN'T DRAW HERMOS,
BUT THESE SHOULD HELP.
[THINKING]
ALL RIGHT, TIME
TO MAKE MY MOVE,
WHETHER HE DREW HIS
LEGENDARY DRAGON OR NOT.
I ACTIVATE THE MAGIC CARD
MONSTER REBORN
TO BRING BACK
MY CYBER HARPIE!
BUT ONE'S NEVER ENOUGH.
SO NEXT I'LL ACTIVATE
MY ELEGANT EGOTIST.
THIS MAGIC CARD
MULTIPLIES
MY CYBER HARPIE BY 3!
[HARPIES CALLING]
MAN, HOW MANY
HARPIES DO YOU HAVE
IN THAT DECK?
[CHUCKLES SOFTLY]
YOO-HOO!
YOU MIGHT WANT TO
PAY ATTENTION TO THIS.
I ACTIVATE
ONE MORE MAGIC CARD,
HARPIE LADY
PHOENIX FORMATION!
SINCE I HAVE 3 HARPIES
ON THE FIELD,
THIS CARD DESTROYS
UP TO 3 OF
YOUR MONSTERS.
AND ONCE YOUR PATHETIC
CREATURES ARE HISTORY,
THE TOTAL NUMBER
OF THEIR ATTACK POINTS
GETS SUBTRACTED
FROM YOUR LIFE POINTS.
AND NOW TAKE THIS!
[CALLING]
[GROANING]
[MAI CHUCKLING]
ONE MORE ATTACK,
AND THIS DUEL'S OVER.
WOW. THAT WAS
AN AWESOME MOVE.
YOUR MAY BE UNDER
AN EVIL SPELL,
BUT YOU HAVEN'T LOST
YOUR TOUCH, MAI.
YOU'RE STILL ONE
OF THE GREATEST
DUELISTS
THAT I KNOW.
SURE, I'M ABOUT
TO PASS OUT,
BUT THIS IS FUN.
JUST KNOCK IT OFF!
I'M NOT FALLING FOR YOUR
FRIENDSHIP SCHEME.
SO SKIP THE CUTESY STUFF
AND MAKE YOUR MOVE.
[THINKING]
THE CLAW OF HERMOS!
MAN, ARE YOU A SIGHT
FOR SORE EYES.
FIRST I'LL
ACTIVATE MY WARRIOR
RETURNING ALIVE!
THIS CARD
ALLOWS ME TO
TRANSFER A WARRIOR
FROM THE GRAVEYARD
BACK TO MY HAND.
AND I CHOOSE
MY BLUE FLAME
SWORDSMAN.
THEN I THINK
I'LL LAY THIS LITTLE
MAGIC CARD ON YOU.
IT'S CALLED
DARK DRAGON RITUAL.
LADIES AND GENTS,
SIT BACK AND ENJOY
THE SHOW
AS I MAKE GEARFRIED
THE IRON KNIGHT
DISAPPEAR.
THEN WATCH
AS MY KNIGHT
OF DARK DRAGON
SUDDENLY
MATERIALIZES.
BUT MY TRICK'S
NOT OVER YET.
NOW WITH A FLICK
OF MY WRISTS,
I'LL MAKE
THIS NEW MONSTER
DISAPPEAR
BEFORE YOUR
VERY EYES
LETTING ME
CONJURE UP SOMETHING
EVEN MORE POWERFUL.
HOW BOUT
A WARM WELCOME
FOR MY RED-EYES
BLACK DRAGON?
[GROWLING]
YOU THINK YOU'RE SO HOT,
BUT TOO BAD YOUR RED-EYES
CAN'T ATTACK THIS TURN.
YEAH? SO?
I GOT
SOMETHING ELSE
I'M PLANNING
TO ATTACK YOU
WITH NOW,
THE CLAW OF HERMOS!
[GROWLING]
BUT BEFORE I ATTACK,
I'LL COMBINE
MY HERMOS WITH
MY RED-EYES
TO FORM RED-EYES
BLACK DRAGON SWORD,
THE PERFECT WEAPON
FOR MY SWORDSMAN.
NOW HE'S
EVEN STRONGER.
BLUE FLAME SWORDSMAN,
ATTACK HER CYBER HARPIE
WITH YOUR DRAGON SWORD.
THEN I'LL PLACE
TWO CARDS FACEDOWN,
AND IT'S
BACK TO YOU.
[CHUCKLES SOFTLY]
[MOANS]
I GOT TO PULL
THROUGH THIS.
I'M ALMOST THERE.
NOT BAD, DORK.
BUT YOUR FLAME SWORDSMAN
IS ONLY AS STRONG
AS HIS WEAPON, RIGHT?
SO WHAT?
SO THIS CARD'S
GONNA DESTROY IT.
GO, HARPIE'S FEATHER DUSTER!
[GRUNTS]
NOW HIS FLAME SWORDSMAN IS
DEFENSELESS AGAINST MY HARPIES,
AND HIS LIFE POINTS ARE
WIDE OPEN TO AN ATTACK.
TIME TO BLAST HIM
OUT OF MY LIFE FOREVER.
ACTIVATE
SPELL REPRODUCTION.
NOW ALL I HAVE TO DO
IS GET RID OF TWO
MAGIC CARDS FROM MY HAND
AND I CAN BRING BACK
ANOTHER MAGIC CARD
FROM MY GRAVEYARD,
LIKE THIS!
YOU'RE ABOUT TO
PLAY YOUR PHOENIX
FORMATION, RIGHT?
SO WHAT ARE
YOU WAITING FOR?
NOTHING. YOU'RE
ABSOLUTELY RIGHT.
I'M GONNA FINISH YOU
OFF WITH A LITTLE
PHOENIX ACTION.
NOW YOUR SWORDSMAN'S
ATTACK POINTS
GET SUBTRACTED FROM
YOUR LIFE POINTS.
WHAT? BUT WHY DIDN'T
YOU LOSE ANY POINTS?
I DID TELL YOU
ABOUT FLAME SWORDSMAN'S
SPECIAL EFFECT, RIGHT?
I CAN AUTOMATICALLY
TRANSFER
HIS ATTACK POINTS
TO ANY OTHER
MONSTER ON THE FIELD
THAT I CHOOSE, SO...
SO YOU CHOSE TO GIVE
THEM TO MY HARPIE?
YUP. ALL HIS
POINTS ARE HERS.
AND SINCE I REDUCED
MY SWORDSMAN'S
STRENGTH TO ZERO,
I DIDN'T LOSE
ANY LIFE POINTS WHEN
YOU ZAPPED HIM.
PLUS, WHENEVER
BLUE FLAME SWORDSMAN
IS DESTROYED,
I CAN SUMMON
THE ORIGINAL
FLAME SWORDSMAN
IN HIS PLACE.
BUT, REMEMBER, YOU
HAVE THE STRONGEST
MONSTER NOW.
HOW YOU USE IT
IS COMPLETELY
UP TO YOU.
BUT LIKE
I SAID BEFORE,
YOU'RE ONE
OF THE GREATEST
DUELISTS I KNOW.
AND I'M SURE
YOU'RE GONNA MAKE
THE RIGHT DECISION.
'CAUSE, MAI,
UNDERNEATH
ALL THAT ANGER
AND FRUSTRATION
IS A GOOD PERSON.
Mai: HERE, JOEY.
TAKE THIS.
AND BY THE WAY,
GOOD LUCK
OUT THERE TODAY.
THAT WAS
A LONG TIME AGO.
AND I'M SICK OF
TAKING BACK-SEAT TO YOU.
I'M SORRY YOU
FELT THAT WAY.
BUT YOU THINK YOU'RE
ANY BETTER OFF NOW?
YOU'RE STILL
TAKING BACKSEAT,
ONLY NOW IT'S
TO SOME LOONY WHO
PROMISED YOU POWER!
[THINKING]
WITHOUT POWER,
I'M NOTHING.
PLEASE, MAI.
SORRY, WHEELER.
IT'S TOO LATE NOW.
MY FATE'S ALREADY
BEEN SEALED.
AND SO HAS YOURS!
ALL RIGHT, MY MOVE.
HERE GOES.
I'LL PLACE ONE
CARD FACEDOWN
ON THE FIELD NOW.
I'M DONE.
SO GIMME
YOUR BEST SHOT.
LET'S END THIS
RIGHT NOW.
CYBER HARPIE, DESTROY
HIS FLAME SWORDSMAN
WITH YOUR VIRTUAL
SLASH ATTACK.
AND WIPE OUT WHEELER'S
LIFE POINTS!
NO! REVEAL
MY FACEDOWN CARD.
SKULL DICE!
TIME TO LOWER
YOUR MONSTER'S
ATTACK POINTS.
IT LOOKS LIKE
YOUR CYBER HARPIE'S
STRENGTH
JUST GOT CUT
IN HALF.
SHE'S STILL STRONGER
THAN YOUR SWORDSMAN!
[HARPIE CALLING]
AND NOW TO WIPE OUT
THE REST OF
YOUR LIFE POINTS.
CYBER HARPIE,
ATTACK HIS...
[THINKING]
I CAN'T DO IT.
WHAT'S MY PROBLEM?
THIS IS A NO-BRAINER.
IF I BLAST HIM,
I'LL WIN THE DUEL
AND HE'LL BE
GONE FOREVER.
ONE ATTACK AND I CAN FINALLY
MOVE ON WITH MY LIFE.
I GOT SOMETHING
FOR YOU, MAI.
UP HIGH!
HUH?
IT'S ALL RIGHT, MAI!
I'M RIGHT HERE!
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
SAVING YOUR LIFE, MAI.
ALL RIGHT.
SEE YOU AROUND.
TAKE CARE.
CONGRATULATIONS.
YOU WIN.
JOEY! NO!
YOU'RE WRONG!
I NEVER ATTACKED, SO
YOU DIDN'T LOSE THE DUEL.
Joey: BUT I'M TOO
EXHAUSTED TO FINISH.
I WON'T LET THE ORICHALCOS
TAKE YOU AWAY, JOEY.
IT'S TOO LATE
FOR THAT.
I ALREADY LOST
THE DUEL, SO THERE'S
NO TURNING BACK.
I'M JUST GLAD THAT
IF ONE OF US HAD
TO LOSE OUR SOUL,
IT DIDN'T HAVE
TO BE YOU, MAI.
DON'T SAY THAT.
HEY, MAI, THAT WAS
ONE OF
THE GREATEST DUELS
I EVER FOUGHT.
THANK YOU.
JOEY! NOOOO!
SHE'S BEEN SET FREE.
AHHH, BUT WHAT'S THIS?
IT SEEMS MS. VALENTINE
HAS SERVED HER PURPOSE.
OH, NO!
WHAT'S WRONG?
IS IT JOEY?
I'M AFRAID SO.
[GROWLING]
Mokuba: WHAT'S UP
WITH CRITIAS?
THERE MUST BE
SOME KIND OF GLITCH
IN THE HOLOGRAPHIC
IMAGE.
JOEY! WAIT!
SNAP OUT OF IT!
THIS IS ALL
MY FAULT.
I WAS ANGRY
AND CONFUSED,
AND I BLAMED ALL
MY LONELINESS ON YOU.
SO I TRIED
TO GET RID OF YOU.
HOW COULD I BE
SO SELFISH?
YOU'RE THE ONLY ONE
WHO EVER CARED ABOUT ME.
[SOBBING]
YOU'RE THE CLOSEST
FRIEND I EVER HAD,
AND HOW DID I REPAY YOU?
BY LEAVING YOU
FOR A MADMAN WHO
PROMISED ME POWER.
I'LL MAKE HIM REGRET
THE DAY HE EVER MET
MAI VALENTINE.
THE ONLY WAY TO FIX THIS IS
TO MEET DARTZ FACE TO FACE.
HERE GOES NOTHING.
HEY, DARTZ,
IS THAT YOU?
GUESS AGAIN,
MAI.
HUH? WHAT DO YOU WANT?
NO WAY.
WHAT HAPPENED?
HE LOST THE DUEL.
Tea: WAIT.
DOES THAT MEAN--
Yami-Yugi: YES. HIS SOUL
BELONGS TO DARTZ NOW.